Pull Request for Issue #333 (#389)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Enterprise: Enterprise/office-365-ip-web-service.md

- Check for the current version.
- Get the current changes.

> If you are using Azure ExpressRoute to connect to Office 365, Please review the article [Azure ExpressRoute for Office 365](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office365/enterprise/azure-expressroute) to familiarize yourself with the Office 365 services supported over Azure ExpressRoute connectivity. Also review [Office 365 endpoints article](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office365/enterprise/urls-and-ip-address-ranges?redirectSourcePath=%252farticle%252fOffice-365-URLs-and-IP-address-ranges-8548a211-3fe7-47cb-abb1-355ea5aa88a2) to understand which network requests for these applications require Internet connectivity, This will help to better configure your perimeter security devices. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Azure ExpressRoute to connect to Office 365, Please review [Azure ExpressRoute for Office 365](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/enterprise/azure-expressroute) to familiarize yourself with the Office 365 services supported over Azure ExpressRoute connectivity. Also review [Office 365 endpoints article](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/enterprise/urls-and-ip-address-ranges?redirectSourcePath=%252farticle%252fOffice-365-URLs-and-IP-address-ranges-8548a211-3fe7-47cb-abb1-355ea5aa88a2) to understand which network requests for these applications require Internet connectivity, This will help to configure your perimeter security devices effectively. 
```
